I am the captain of the ship are several
attempts about 30 years of the city of Novorossiysk
during the service there was not one
recovery contract for the supply of buses
inspector
police checkpoint
did not finish up to 55 5 months
after the call
lieutenant colonel
on child
projected by the commander
battalion of the regiment
on cadres allegedly I have an invalid
fake diploma though no days check
produced at the time of admission to
university on what fashion
I was already in the rank
senior lieutenant
and no thousand
i don't know it just was the reason all
just a conversation with him we have occurred
the differences in me promised that this
song work it was 2 lx in two years
my debt is dismissal
In September, I was called by the teams
it did not try six months before retirement
said
for me to write a report
on dismissal so the answer was an indication
myself
I refused never tried in
flow
eight
seven days not daily called
the commander then into the office opposite
Fominu
I refuse
writing the truth then clearly called in
regiment herbarium performing appia
Particular regiment commander told me you
that he leads 15 minutes of time
on the report if it does not do what is equal
I will not work he set me up
collective such words
on the third day I went to the hospital
on the hospital me repeatedly every
the day before the sixth day they called and demanded
my dismissal binds all bad
I had to write all the same feelings
explanatory in my car people will not
didn't find any
often ten days it was said that
Karapetyans will not be able to break our system
wherever he goes and more
yes denied and they are right i applied to
prosecutor's office did not get against
wrote a letter study floor rode denied it
it's always nice and good
after that there was a court in court in court
succeeded
managed to leave the current win and 10 thousand for
the fact that he was not paid
no one wants a vacation
although such violations in court
forged documents
similar documents on thursday mood
on the tenth of the tenth month
eighth year
UAH t according to the documents held with me
conversation in the battalion and refused heard
order
equipment and refused to let go
so signatures
although I provided all the documents that
410 ha
I was absent altogether
Russian Federation that is confirmed by
me documented
also the court said that the notice
notice in my
got up to i didn't get
there is not even my painting
means layoffs there worth the expected
March painting to conduct an examination
what the General Prosecutor’s Office was doing there
families the judge also no way not
responded that is if the system
valid hard
why didn’t he?
Russian because
wherever I go to the courts and online and
stations
none of them
could not support
rage 20
the ninth
December 2008 tried with them in
alone fight well
I have no success though I have witnesses
and I have all the documentation
that I have them wrong